1. Generate naming conventions for variable (keep scalability/clarity in mind)
    What variables will I need?
        Play with calculator function in REPL, figure out number of variables
        Finish React tutorials from React Docs
    Potential Components:
        Calculator Container
            Input Form
                Query Row
                Submit Button
                Reset Form Button
            Results Table
                Result Category Row
                Result Row
2.Rules for Git commits:
    Write imperatively! (Do this, fix that, etc)
        (If applied, this commit will...)
    Capitalize Subject Line, separate from body with blank line, keep it short.
    (Small/simple commits might only need a subject line)
    Use body to explain what and why, not how
        What side effects are there?
        Unintuitive consequences?
3. Wireframe app:
    Homepage
        Explains use of app
        Create images to show how to take measurements
        Explains about hardware types
        Explains different styles of shades
        Explain about valences
    Calculator (Flat Roman Shades)
        Calculates for one window
        (Nice to have) Calculates for multiple windows, shows best spacing for different sized windows.
        Displays measurements/pleat spacing on separate, easy to print page
        (Nice to have) Calculates fabric yardage
    Calculator (Hobbled Roman Shades)
        Calculates for one window
        (Nice to have) Calculates for multiple windows, shows best spacing for different sized windows.
        Displays measurements/pleat spacing on separate, easy to print page
        (Nice to have) Calculates fabric yardage
    (Nice to have)Fabric About
        Describe fabric properties, recommend fabric choices based on decor goal
        Add fabric info stylists usually don't know (wool changes length in humidity, linen wrinkles, etc.)
        Explain yardage calculations for plain fabric vs printed/patterned fabric
        Give advice about where to place seams on large windows, sets of windows
        How to take measurements for inside mount vs outside mount
4. Figure out best data structure for measurements (list of lists? dictionary of lists?)
    Data won't change
    Might need to add to measurements later
    Need to be able to iterate through all measurements
5. Add to requirements.txt and pip3 install 
    Flask

    
